# Bot Project

Here is my bot, @BSCooking1(https://twitter.com/BSCooking1) The idea to make a Twitter bot that would tweet recipe titles exclusively with foods in a typical college student’s dorm room/apartment was the first idea that came to my mind.  I’ve dabbled in generating flavor combinations in the past (like when I remixed Nick Montfort’s Upstart as Tartsup to create potential dessert flavor duos), but I wanted to take generation to a new level with this bot by having the generator tweet 15 different kinds of recipes with different categories of food or flavor for each.  I started out with breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner, expanded to include meal courses, and then added specific categories of common, easy to make foods - sandwiches, casseroles, and crock pot meals.  The only exception is “amuse bouche” - the thought of a college student making a fancy French palate-pleaser out of ramen noodles and gummy bears amuses me to no end, so I had to include it.  Another source of inspiration for this bot comes from cooking shows like MasterChef and Chopped where cooks are expected to combine odd ingredients to make a delicious dish - combined with cookbooks specifically for college students that tout easy and quality meals from common ingredients.

As I compiled lists of flavors and kinds of foods, I realized that the majority of foods and beverages consumed by college students are carbohydrates/sugars, junk food, alcohol, and/or some combination of these.  With this bot, I hoped that it could serve as a reflection of the garbage commonly eaten by students and the absurdity associated with trying to eat healthy and/or gourmet with foods common to “broke students.”  Some combinations are just as horrible as I envisioned (like Espresso Pineapple Banana Potato chips for dessert or Soy Sauce Fruit Snack, which should never exist), but others really aren’t that bad - and seem pretty palatable (like Cherry Hazelnut Iced Tea).

(A quick side note - the foods and flavors selected were chosen by me through personal “pantry” searching AND online research of the preferences of a “typical college student.” Broke Student Cooking started tweeting on their “21st birthday,” so their almost obsessive tweeting of alcoholic combinations is perfectly permissible (though mildly concerning).)

After our in-class workshop on September 4, I made some adjustments.  @BSCooking1 tweeted the combination “Sour Cream and Onion Sour Cream and Onion Cheez-Its,” so Christina suggested that I create separate lists of my categories “solid,” “liquid,” “sweet,” “savory,” and “adjective” (a catch-all for different ways to describe whole recipes).  Since I created my lists with limited help from Darius Kazemi’s Corpora, I will continue to flesh out the lists to prevent duplication as much as possible.  I used GalaxyKate’s capitalization modifier so that all of the lovely foods and flavors would mimic the format of a recipe title, but discovered that it would only capitalize the first letter within a grouping.  I started capitalizing second words in the pairs, but I need to find a better way to do this. I also corrected some spelling errors in my lists (like Reese’s Puffs and Teddy Grahams - which shows how much I eat junk food).

The bot is hosted at [Cheap Bots Done Quick](https://cheapbotsdonequick.com), so the code is a [Tracery](http://www.tracery.io/) grammar.

